everyone this is the mixer I'm Jimmy
Conrad i'm here with liverpool legend
Steve Nikkel now Steve I can't believe
this is true seems like a smooth but
apparently it is it real madrid unveiled
plans for a 1 billion dollar island
resort in the united arab emirates wow
yeah incredible the plan features sports
facilities a marina which is actually
shaped like the club logo not sure how
they're going to pull that one off
luxury hotels and villas an amusement
park and I've coined this term the
special part for the special one in
equal just yeah thank you appreciate
that a club museum and a 10,000 seat
stadium with one side open to the sea
Steve what are you booking your flight
family have already booted my hunger the
first ticket for the brand new stadium
first ticket huh interesting yep can't
wait to see your face there now the
resort is supposed to open in january
2015 it's four hours from spain four
hours from asia the only gonna probably
appeal to real madrid soccer fans do you
think other people go there yeah
absolutely it's got something for
everybody if your finals a museum and
obviously the stadium if you've got kids
to the amusement park and if you just
want a vacation you can go there as well
all right let's sound reasoning but I
want to make sure you understand that
they don't serve alcohol that down to a
more flavor now that aside does this
send the wrong message that Real Madrid
are more interested in making money than
playing great football no not so in
order to play great football you need
great players and that costs money this
is just another way of bringing money to
the club in order to go and get there
the biggest names and the biggest stars
in the world of football well I team
that might take exception to that
Barcelona which is real Madrid's great
rival could there be more of an anti
Barcelona move than this and he barks
one is known for their charity and
philanthropy but barks want to go out
and build an island resort to attract
fans absolutely if they had an oil
daniel 8 Real Madrid you bet your bottom
dollar they would I'm not so sure I but
what's next for real madrid though i
mean is it a casino in Vegas is it a ski
resort in the Alps I mean what is this
total world domination stuff okay if
you've got the money you can do you like
all right well if you want more see more
of me more of the mixer well it's coming
to you later today make sure you
subscribe to get all the videos from
kick TV because if you don't subscribe
like Steve Nikkel says he's going to be
very very angry with you trust me you
don't want that
you don't want that so click here for
more videos you know you want to release
quick click come on you know you want to
where'd you come from I was just down
there looking at your shoes it's kind of
weird
click click some more videos come on